<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
     <title>American Goulash</title>
     <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="Styles/page_style.css" />
   </head>
  <body>
    <center>
      <h1 class="title">American Goulash</h1>
    </center>
     <h1>Ingredients</h1>
     <ul>
       <li>1 tablespoon olive oil</li>
       <li>2 pounds ground beef</li>
       <li>1 large onion, diced</li>
       <li>4 cloves garlic, minced</li>
       <li>2 large bay leaves</li>
       <li>2 tablespoons paprika</li>
       <li>2 teaspoons Italian seasoning</li>
       <li>2 teaspoons kosher salt</li>
       <li>1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper</li>
       <li>1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste</li>
       <li>1 quart chicken broth</li>
       <li>1 (24 ounce) jar marinara sauce</li>
       <li>1 (15 ounce) can diced tomatoes</li>
       <li>1 cup water</li>
       <li>2 tablespoons soy sauce</li>
       <li>2 cups elbow macaroni</li>
       <li>1/4 cup chopped Italian parsley</li>
       <li>1 cup shredded white Cheddar cheese (Optional)</li>
     </ul>
     <h1>Directions</h1>
     <ol>
       <li>Gather all ingredients.</li>
       <li>Heat oil in a pot over medium-high heat. Add ground beef and onion; cook and stir until beef is browned and crumbly and onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Continue to cook and stir until liquid is evaporated, 3 to 5 minutes. Add garlic, bay leaves, paprika, Italian seasoning, salt, black pepper, and cayenne.</li>
       <li>Cook, stirring occasionally, until flavors come together, about 3 minutes. Pour in broth, marinara sauce, and diced tomatoes. Pour water into the sauce jar, swirl, and pour into the pot. Stir in soy sauce; bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to medium and simmer until flavors intensify, about 30 minutes.</li>
       <li>Increase the heat to medium-high and bring to a rapid simmer. Stir in macaroni; cook, stirring occasionally, until just barely tender, about 12 minutes. Check for doneness after 10 minutes.</li>
       <li>Remove from the heat and discard bay leaves. Stir in cheddar cheese and parsley. Cover and let rest for 5 minutes. Taste and season as desired.</li>
     </ol>
   </body>
</html>
