<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Banana Bread</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="title">Banana Bread</h1>
    <h1>Ingredients</h1>
    <h2>Banana Bread</h2>
    <ul>
      <li>8 ounces cream cheese, at room temperature</li>

      <li>1 large egg</li>
      
      <li>1/4 cup sugar</li>

      <li>2 tablespoons flour</li>
    </ul>
    <h2>Cream Cheese Filling</h2>
    <ul>
      <li>2 to 3 very ripe bananas, peeled (about 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 cups mashed)</li>

      <li>1/3 cup (76g) melted butter, unsalted or salted</li>

      <li>1/2 teaspoon baking soda</li>

      <li>Pinch salt</li>

      <li>3/4 cup (150g) sugar (1/2 cup if you would like it less sweet, 1 cup if you want it sweeter)</li>

      <li>1 large egg, beaten</li>

      <li>1 teaspoon vanilla extract</li>

      <li>1 1/2 cups (205g) all-purpose flour</li>	
    </ul>
    <h1>Directions</h1>
    <ol>
      <li>Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F and grease a 4x8-inch loaf pan.</li>

      <li>Make the banana bread batter:</li>

      <li>In a mixing bowl, mash the ripe bananas with a fork until completely smooth. Stir the melted butter into the mashed bananas.</li>

      <li>Mix in the baking soda and salt. Stir in the sugar, beaten egg, and vanilla extract. Mix in the flour.</li>

      <li>In another bowl, beat together all the ingredients for the cream cheese filling.</li>

      <li>Pour half of the banana bread batter in the loaf pan. Top the batter with half of the cream cheese filling, one dollop at a time. Top with remaining batter. Top with the remaining cream cheese filling one dollop at a time. Insert a butter knife about halfway into the batter and run through the batter vertically and horizontally to swirl the cream cheese into the banana bread batter.</li>

      <li>Bake for 55-60 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center of the loaf comes out clean.</li>
    </ol>
  </body>
</html>
