<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>BBQ Ribs</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="title">BBQ Ribs</h1>
    <h1>Ingredients</h1>
    <ul>
      <li>1 rack (2 to 3 pounds) baby back ribs</li>
      <li>2 Tablespoons dry rib rub</li>
      <li>3/4 cup BBQ sauce</li>
      <li>1 cup apple juice or water</li>    
      <li>1/4 cup apple cider vinegar</li>
      <li>1 Tablespoon liquid smoke</li>
      <li>1 Tablespoon salt</li>
    </ul>
    <h1>Directions</h1>
    <ol>
      
      <li>Rinse the whole rack of ribs in water and then pat dry with paper towels.</li>

      
      <li>Remove the membrane (silver skin) from the boney side of the ribs by sliding a butter knife under the membrane on top of a bone and pulling up. Using your hands or a paper towel, remove the membrane completely.</li>

      
      <li>Rub the dry rib rub all over the rack of ribs on both sides. (You can either cook the ribs right away or wrap them in plastic wrap and store in the refrigerator overnight before cooking.)</li>

      
      <li>Place the metal rack (trivet) into the bottom of the pressure cooker insert. Add apple juice, apple cider vinegar, liquid smoke, and salt into the bottom of the pot.</li>

      
      <li>Place the rack of ribs into the pot on top of the metal rack, standing them up on their side. Wrap them around the inside lining of the pot with the meaty side of the ribs facing outward.</li>

      
      <li>Close the lid and lock into place. Set the pressure valve to "Sealing" and pressure cook on "Manual" high pressure for 25 minutes. Once done, allow pressure to naturally release for 10 minutes, and then quick-release the remaining pressure according to the manufacturer's instructions.</li>

      
      <li>Using tongs, carefully remove the ribs and place onto a baking sheet.</li>

      
      <li>Set your oven to "Broil" (or the highest temperature setting).</li>

      
      <li>Generously brush ribs down with BBQ sauce on both sides. Place under the broiler for 5 minutes, until sauce is bubbly and starts to caramelize.</li>

      
      <li>Slice into individual ribs before serving. Serve with extra BBQ sauce.</li>
    </ol>
  </body>
</html>
