<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
     <title>BBQ Chicken</title>
     <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
   </head>
  <body>
      <h1 class="title">BBQ Chicken</h1>
     <h1>Ingredients</h1>
     <ul>
       <li>6 - 8 (1230g or 2.5 - 3lbs) chicken thighs or drumsticks</li>
       <li>Your favorite BBQ sauce</li>
       <li>Salt and black pepper to taste</li>
       <li>1 cup (250ml) cold water</li>
       <li>3 drops liquid smoke (optional)</li>
       <li>1/2 teaspoon garlic powder (optional)</li>
       <li>1/2 teaspoon onion powder (optional)</li>
       <li>1/2 tablespoon white vinegar (optional)</li>
     </ul>
     <h1>Directions</h1>
     <ol>
       <li><b>Add Water and Steamer Basket</b>: Add 1 cup (250ml) cold water and (optional) 3 drops of liquid smoke in Instant Pot Pressure Cooker. Then, place a steamer basket in the pot.</li>
<li><b>Pressure Cook Chicken</b>: Generously season both sides of chicken with salt and black pepper, then layer chicken on stainless steel steamer basket. Close lid and pressure cook at High Pressure for 8 minutes, then 10 minutes Natural Release.</li>
<li><b>Spice Up BBQ Sauce</b>: If you are using store-bought BBQ sauce, add more depth of flavor with some garlic powder, onion powder, and white vinegar. Taste and adjust accordingly.</li>
<li><b>Apply BBQ Sauce to Chicken</b>: Pat dry chicken and place them on an oven tray. Generously coat both sides of chicken with BBQ sauce.</li>
<li><b>Caramelize Instant Pot BBQ Chicken</b>: Place BBQ Chicken under the broiler for 4 - 8 minutes until the BBQ chicken is browned and caramelized.</li>
     </ol>
   </body>
</html>
