<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
     <title>BBQ Pulled Pork</title>
     <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
   </head>
  <body>
      <h1 class="title">BBQ Pulled Pork</h1>
     <h1>Ingredients</h1>
     <h2>Pork</h2>
     <ul>
       <li>4 pounds (1730g) pork shoulder (pork butt meat), cut into 2 - 2 1/4 inches cubes</li>
       <li>1 tablespoon (15ml) olive oil or vegetable oil</li>
     </ul>
     <h2>Dry Rub</h2>
     <ul>
       <li>2 tablespoons (25g) brown sugar</li>
       <li>2 teaspoons (5g) chili powder</li>
       <li>2 teaspoons (4g) ground black pepper</li>
       <li>1 teaspoon (2.4g) onion powder</li>
       <li>1 teaspoon (2.8g) garlic powder</li>
       <li>1 teaspoon (2.3g) cinnamon powder</li>
       <li>1 teaspoon (3g) kosher salt</li>
       <li>1/2 teaspoon (1g) cumin seed, ground</li>
       <li>1/2 teaspoon (1g) fennel seed, ground</li>
       <li>1/4 teaspoon (0.25g - 0.5g) cayenne pepper</li>
     </ul>
     <h2>BBQ Sauce</h2>
     <ul>
       <li>1 (200g) medium onion , sliced</li>
       <li>1 tablespoon (12.5g) brown sugar</li>
       <li>3 garlic cloves , minced</li>
       <li>3/4 cup cup (188ml) unsalted chicken stock</li>
       <li>1/8 cup (31ml) maple syrup or honey</li>
       <li>1/8 cup (31ml) honey</li>
       <li>2 tablespoons (30ml) apple cider vinegar</li>
       <li>2 tablespoons (30ml) Dijon mustard</li>
       <li>3 drops liquid smoke (optional)</li>
       <li>1 cup (250ml) ketchup</li>
     </ul>
     <h2>Thickener</h2>
     <ul>
       <li>4 tablespoons (32g) all purpose flour or cornstarch</li>
       <li>1/4 cup (63ml) cold tap water</li>
     </ul>
     <h1>Directions</h1>
     <ol>
       <li><b>Rub Pulled Pork Dry Rub</b>: Mix all Dry Rub ingredients, then rub it all over the cubed pork. Put pork in fridge for 30 minutes up to overnight.</li>
       <li><b>Saute Onion and Garlic</b>: Heat up Instant Pot using "Saute" function.</li>
       <li><b>Deglaze Instant Pot</b>: Add 3/4cup (188ml) unsalted chicken stock in Instant Pot. Then completely deglaze the bottom of the pot by scrubbing the flavorful brown bits with a wooden spoon.</li>
       <li><b>Add Seasoning and Pork</b>: Add 1/8 cup (31ml) maple syrup, 1/8 cup (31ml) honey, 2 tbsp (30ml) apple cider vinegar, 2 tbsp (30ml) Dijon mustard, and 3 drops liquid smoke to the Instant Pot. Give it a quick mix. Place all cubed pork in Instant Pot. Layer 1 cup (250ml) of ketchup on top of the pork. <b>Do not mix</b>.</li>
       <li><b>Cook Pork</b>: With Venting Knob in Venting Position, close the lid, then turn Venting Knob to Sealing Position. Pressure Cook at High Pressure for 35 minutes, then Natural Release for 15 minutes. Open the lid carefully.</li>
       <li><b>Check Pork Shoulder's Tenderness</b>: Check if the pork is tender enough. If the pork is still tough, Pressure Cook at High Pressure for another 10 minutes. Remove pork from Instant Pot and set aside.</li>
       <li><b>Thicken BBQ Sauce</b>: Bring BBQ sauce to a simmer with "Saute" function. In a container, mix 4 tbsp (32g) all-purpose flour with 1/4 cup (63ml) cold water. Make sure to mix it really well. When BBQ Sauce is simmering, mix the flour mixture into the BBQ sauce one-third at a time until your desired thickness.</li>
       <li><b>Season BBQ Sauce</b>: Taste BBQ sauce and add more brown sugar or kosher salt as needed. For reference, we added 2 pinches of salt and 2 tsp brown sugar at the end to balance flavors. Taste test once more to make sure everything is perfectly seasoned.</li>
       <li>Crisp Pork Shoulder: Coat pork cubes generously with BBQ Sauce. Place pork under a broiler or the top rack of a preheated 450 degrees F toaster oven until the surface is crisped (roughly 8 to 10 minutes). Flip the cubed pork, brush each piece with more BBQ sauce, then place them in oven again until the surface is crisped.</li>
       <li><b>Shred Pork and Serve</b>: Shred pulled pork with two forks and serve.</li>
     </ol>
   </body>
</html>
