<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
     <title>Cajun Pasta</title>
     <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
   </head>
  <body>
      <h1 class="title">Cajun Pasta</h1>
     <h1>Ingredients</h1>
     <ul>
       <li>16 oz rotini pasta (or any short pasta of choice)</li>
       <li>1 lb shrimp, peeled and deveined</li>
       <li>1 13 oz Andouille sausage</li>
       <li>4 tbsp Cajun seasoning</li>
       <li>2 tbsp olive oil</li>
       <li>4 tbsp unsalted butter</li>
       <li>1/2 medium yellow onion, sliced</li>
       <li>6 cloves garlic, minced</li>
       <li>2 cups heavy cream</li>
       <li>2 cups milk</li>
       <li>1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese</li>
       <li>1 cup shredded cheddar cheese</li>
       <li>2 tsp smoked paprika</li>
       <li>1 tsp red pepper flakes (optional, for extra spice)</li>
       <li>1 tsp salt (adjust to taste)</li>
     </ul>
     <h1>Directions</h1>
     <ol>
       <li>Season shrimp and sausage with 2 tbsp Cajun seasoning.</li>
       <li>Heat olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook the sausage until and fully cooked. Remove and set aside.</li>
       <li>In the same skillet, melt 2 tbsp butter and cook the shrimp until pink and opaque, about 2-3 minutes per side. Remove and set aside.</li>
       <li>Reduce heat to medium-low, then add minced garlic to the skillet. Saute for 1-2 minutes until fragrant.</li>
       <li>Stir in heavy cream, milk, remaining butter, Parmesan cheese, cheddar cheese, smoked paprika, and the remaining Cajun seasoning. Mix well until the sauce is smooth and creamy.</li>
       <li>Add the cooked pasta, chicken, and shrimp to the skillet. Toss to coat evenly with the creamy Cajun sauce.</li>
       <li>Adjust seasoning with salt and red pepper flakes, if desired.</li>
     </ol>
   </body>
</html>
