<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Carrot Cake</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="title">Carrot Cake</h1>
    <h1>Ingredients</h1>
    <h2>Cake</h2>
    <ul>
      <li>2 cups white sugar</li>

      <li>1 1/4 cups vegetable oil</li>

      <li>4 eggs</li>

      <li>2 teaspoons vanilla extract</li>

      <li>2 cups all-purpose flour</li>

      <li>2 teaspoons baking soda</li>

      <li>2 teaspoons baking powder</li>

      <li>2 teaspoons ground cinnamon</li>

      <li>1/2 teaspoon salt</li>

      <li>3 cups grated carrots</li>
    </ul>
    <h2>Frosting</h2>
    <ul>
      <li>1/2 cup butter, softened</li>

      <li>8 ounces cream cheese, softened</li>

      <li>4 cups confectioners' sugar</li>

      <li>1 teaspoon vanilla extract</li>
    </ul>
    <h1>Directions</h1>
    <ol>
      <li>Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease and flour a 9x13 inch pan.</li>

      <li>Beat sugar, oil, eggs, and 2 teaspoons vanilla together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until well combined. Mix in flour, baking soda, baking powder, cinnamon, and salt. Stir in carrots. Pour into the prepared pan.</li>

      <li>Bake in the preheated oven until a toothpick inserted into the center of the cake comes out clean, about 40 minutes. Let cool in the pan for 10 minutes, then turn out onto a wire rack and cool completely.</li>

      <li>To make the frosting: Beat butter, cream cheese, confectioners' sugar, and 1 teaspoon vanilla together in a large bowl with an electric mixer until smooth and creamy. Frost the cooled cake.</li>
    </ol>
  </body>
</html>
