<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Cheddar Broccoli Soup</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="title">Cheddar Broccoli Soup</h1>
    <h1>Ingredients</h1>
    <ul>
      <li>1/4 Cup Onion, diced</li>
      <li>1/4 Cup Carrot, shredded</li>
      <li>1 Clove Garlic, minced</li>
      <li>3 Tablespoons Butter</li>
      <li>1 Tablespoon Flour</li>
      <li>1 Cup Chicken Broth, warm</li>
      <li>1/2 Cup Water</li>
      <li>2 Cups Broccoli, chopped in small pieces</li>
      <li>1 Cup Heavy Whipping Cream, warmed</li>
      <li>1 Tablespoon Cream Cheese</li>
      <li>1 Cup Cheddar Cheese (sharp or mild)</li>
      <li>Salt and pepper to taste</li>
    </ul>
    <h1>Directions</h1>
    <ol>
      <li>Begin by melting the butter (or ghee) in a large saucepan over medium heat. Add the onions and carrots and saute until they soften, approximately 3-4 minutes.  Season with a little salt and pepper as they cook.</li>

      <li>Add the garlic and saute another 30 seconds or until fragrant.</li>

      <li>Add the flour and whisk for 1-2 minutes, stirring with a whisk. Slowly add the warmed chicken broth and water allowing the soup come to a boil.  Turn the stove down to low (or take it off the heat entirely) and add the cream. Stir to incorporate.</li>

      <li>Add the cream cheese and slowly add the cheddar cheese about 1/4 cup at a time, ensuring it has completely melted before adding any more.</li>

      <li>Add the broccoli and taste for seasonings.  Let the soup simmer 10 min or until broccoli softens.</li>

      <li>Serve hot.</li>
    </ol>
  </body>
</html>
