<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chicken and Rice</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="title">Chicken and Rice</h1>
    <h1>Ingredients</h1>
    <ul>
      <li>2 boneless skinless chicken breasts (diced into 1 inch pieces)</li>
      <li>2 Tbsp olive oil or butter</li>
      <li>1 tsp minced garlic</li>
      <li>1 tsp black pepper</li>
      <li>1 tsp salt</li>
      <li>1/2 onion (chopped)</li>
      <li>1 3/4 cups chicken broth</li>
      <li>1 can cream of chicken soup (10.5 oz can)</li>
      <li>1 1/2 cups white rice</li>
      <li>2 cups cheddar cheese (shredded)</li>
    </ul>
    <h1>Directions</h1>
    <ol>
      <li>Turn the instant pot to the saute setting and add in the olive oil.</li>

      <li>Add the chicken and onions and cook for 5-7 minutes stirring occasionally until the onions are softened and the chicken is browned slightly.</li>

      <li>Then add in the minced garlic and cook on the saute setting for 1-2 minutes.</li>

      <li>Then stir in the rice. Make sure the rice is covered by the liquid (add more broth if needed).</li>

      <li>Next pour the cream of chicken soup on top of the other ingredients but do not mix it in with the other ingredients.</li>

      <li>Seal the instant pot (by moving the valve on the lid to the seal position). Cook on high pressure for 3 minutes.

      <li>After the cook time, let the pressure release from the instant pot naturally by not moving the valve on the lid.</li>

      <li>Once all the pressure has been released from the instant pot. Remove the lid, stir in the shredded cheese. The heat from the meal will melt the cheese.</li>

      <li>Serve warm.</li>
    </ol>
  </body>
</html>
