<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
     <title>Chicken and Dumplings</title>
     <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="Styles/page_style.css" />
   </head>
  <body>
    <center>
      <h1 class="title">Chicken and Dumplings</h1>
    </center>
     <h1>Ingredients</h1>
     <h2>Soup</h2>
     <ul>
       <li>2 tablespoons vegetable oil</li>
       <li>2 lb boneless, skinless chicken breast, cubed</li>
       <li>1 cup diced yellow onion</li>
       <li>1 cup sliced carrot</li>
       <li>3 cloves garlic cloves, minced</li>
       <li>1 teaspoon salt</li>
       <li>5 tablespoons unsalted butter</li>
       <li>6 tablespoons all-purpose flour</li>
       <li>6 cups chicken broth</li>
       <li>1/2 cup heavy cream</li>
       <li>1/2 teaspoon dried thyme</li>
       <li>2 bay leaves</li>
       <li>4 tablespoons fresh parsley, minced</li>
     </ul>
     <h2>Dumplings</h2>
     <ul>
       <li>2 cups all-purpose flour</li>
       <li>1 tablespoon baking powder</li>
       <li>1/2 teaspoon salt</li>
       <li>1/2 teaspoon pepper</li>
       <li>1 1/3 cups heavy cream</li>
     </ul>
     <h1>Instructions</h1>
     <ol>
       <li>In a 6-quart Dutch oven, heat the vegetable oil over medium-high heat. Add the chicken and cook until browned on both sides. Remove from the pot and set aside.</li>

<li>Add carrot and onion and cook until just tender, about 3 minutes.</li>

<li>Add the garlic and stir for another minute, until fragrant.</li>

<li>Reduce the heat to medium-low and add the butter and flour, stirring constantly for 3 minutes to prevent lumps from forming.</li>

<li>Add the chicken and any accumulated juices back to the pot and stir to coat in the roux.</li>

<li>Add the chicken broth, cream, thyme, and bay leaves and bring to a simmer. Once soup is at a simmer, add the frozen peas, cover, and cook for 15 minutes.</li>

<li>Make the dumplings: In a large bowl, combine the flour, baking powder, salt, pepper, and cream. Stir until mixture comes together into single mass of dough.</li>

<li>Using a large spoon or ice cream scoop, form the dough into small round balls about 1 inch (2 1/2 cm) in diameter (the dough should yield 14-16 dumplings).</li>

<li>Place the dough balls in the simmering soup (making sure they don't touch), add the parsley, and cover. Let the soup simmer for 15 minutes, or until the dumplings are cooked through.</li>

<li>Ladle into bowls, giving 1-2 dumplings per serving.</li>
     </ol>
   </body>
</html>
