<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chili Mac</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="title">Chili Mac</h1>
    <h1>Ingredients</h1>
    <ul>
      <li>1 tablespoon olive oil</li>

      <li>1 pound extra lean ground beef</li>

      <li>1 medium yellow onion, diced</li>

      <li>1/2 medium red bell pepper, diced</li>

      <li>4 cloves garlic, minced</li>

      <li>3 1/2 tablespoons gluten-free taco seasoning mix</li>

      <li>1/2 teaspoon salt</li>

      <li>1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper</li>

      <li>1 (15 ounce) can black beans, rinsed and drained</li>

      <li>1 (14.5 ounce) can diced tomatoes</li>

      <li>1 (8 ounce) can tomato sauce</li>

      <li>1 cup water</li>

      <li>2 cups beef broth</li>

      <li>2 (8 ounce) packages quinoa elbow pasta</li>

      <li>2 cups grated Cheddar cheese</li>

      <li>1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley</li>
    </ul>
    <h1>Directions</h1>
    <ol>
      <li>Turn on a multi-functional pressure cooker, add oil, and select Saute function. Add ground beef to the hot oil and saute until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes. Add onion, bell peppers, and garlic; saute for 2 more minutes.</li>

      <li>Add, in this order, taco seasoning mix, salt, pepper, black beans, diced tomatoes, tomato sauce, water, beef broth, and pasta. <b>Do not mix</b>. Close and lock the lid. Select high pressure according to manufacturer's instructions; set timer for 4 minutes. Allow 10 to 15 minutes for pressure to build.</li>

      <li>Release pressure carefully using the quick-release method according to manufacturer's instructions, about 5 minutes. Unlock and remove the lid. Stir in cheddar cheese and garnish with parsley.</li>
    </ol>
  </body>
</html>
