<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
     <title>Classic Chili</title>
     <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
   </head>
  <body>
      <h1 class="title">Classic Chili</h1>
     <h1>Ingredients</h1>
     <ul>
       <li>1 tablespoon olive oil</li>
       <li>1 medium yellow onion, diced</li>
       <li>1 pound 90% lean ground beef</li>
       <li>2 1/2 tablespoons chili powder</li>
       <li>2 tablespoons ground cumin</li>
       <li>2 tablespoons granulated sugar</li>
       <li>2 tablespoons tomato paste</li>
       <li>1 tablespoon garlic powder</li>
       <li>1 1/2 teaspoons salt</li>
       <li>1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper</li>
       <li>1/4 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper (optional)</li>
       <li>1 1/2 cups beef broth</li>
       <li>1 (15 oz.) can petite diced tomatoes</li>
       <li>1 (16 oz.) can red kidney beans, drained and rinsed</li>
       <li>1 (8 oz.) can tomato sauce</li>
     </ul>
     <h1>Directions</h1>
     <ol>
       <li>Add the olive oil to a large soup pot and place it over medium-high heat for two minutes. Add the onion. Cook for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.</li>
       <li>Add the ground beef to the pot. Break it apart with a wooden spoon. Cook for 6-7 minutes, until the beef is browned, stirring occasionally.</li>
       <li>Add the chili powder, cumin, sugar, tomato paste, garlic powder, salt, pepper, and optional cayenne. Stir until well combined.</li>
       <li>Add the broth, diced tomatoes (with their juice), drained beans, and tomato sauce. Stir well.</li>
       <li>Bring the liquid to a low boil. Then, reduce the heat (low to medium-low) to gently simmer the chili, uncovered, for 20-25 minutes, stirring occasionally.</li>
       <li>Remove the pot from the heat. Let the chili rest for 5-10 minutes before serving.</li>
     </ol>
   </body>
</html>
