<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
     <title>Cream Cheese Brownies</title>
     <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
   </head>
  <body>
      <h1 class="title">Cream Cheese Brownies</h1>
     <h1>Ingredients</h1>
     <ul>
       <li>1/2 cup (4 oz.) unsalted butter</li>
       <li>2 cups (12.25 oz.) semisweet chocolate chips</li>
       <li>3/4 cup packed light brown sugar</li>
       <li>3/4 cup, plus 1/3 cup granulated sugar, divided</li>
       <li>5 large eggs, divided, at room temperature</li>
       <li>2 1/2 tsp. vanilla extract, divided</li>
       <li>1/2 tsp., plus 1/8 tsp. kosher salt, divided</li>
       <li>1/2 cup (1.6 oz.) unsweetened cocoa powder</li>
       <li>1/2 cup (2.12 oz.) all-purpose flour</li>
       <li>8 oz. cream cheese, at room temperature</li>
     </ul>
     <h1>Directions</h1>
     <ol>
       <li>Preheat oven to 325 F. Grease a 9x13-inch baking pan with baking spray, and set aside. Gather your ingredients.</li>
       <li>In a medium saucepan, melt butter over medium-low until bubbling but not brown.</li>
       <li>Turn off heat, add chocolate chips, and stir to coat. Let sit for 5 minutes.</li>
       <li>Stir again until the chocolate is completely melted and combined with the butter.</li>
       <li>Transfer to a large mixing bowl and add brown sugar, 3/4 cup granulated sugar, 4 eggs, and 2 tsp. vanilla. Whisk until well combined. Add 1/2 tsp. salt, cocoa powder, and flour and stir together until well combined.</li>
       <li>Spread batter evenly in prepared baking pan.</li>
       <li>With a mixer, beat together cream cheese, 1/3 cup sugar, 1/2 tsp. vanilla, 1/8 tsp. salt, and 1 egg until well combined, about 2 to 3 minutes.</li>
       <li>Dollop over top of brownie batter.</li>
       <li>Using a knife or small offset spatula, swirl and fold cream cheese into batter; keep tip of knife just about 1/2 inch deep into the brownie batter as much as possible.</li>
       <li>Bake until set, a wooden pick inserted in center come out with very moist crumbs, and brownies have started to pull away slightly from edges, about 45 minutes. Allow to cool completely before cutting, about 2 to 3 hours.</li>
     </ol>
   </body>
</html>
