<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Hambagu (Japanese Hamburger Steak)</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="title">Hambagu (Japanese Hamburger Steak)</h1>
    <h1>Ingredients</h1>
    <h2>Patties</h2>
    <ul>
      <li>1/2 onion, minced</li>
      <li>1 Tbsp neutral oil</li>
      <li>2 lb ground beef and pork combination</li>
      <li>1/2 tsp Diamond Crystal kosher salt</li>
      <li>freshly ground black pepper</li>
      <li>1/2 tsp nutmeg</li>
      <li>1/3 cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs)</li>
      <li>2 Tbsp milk</li>
      <li>1 large egg</li>
    </ul>
    <h2>Tonkatsu Sauce</h2>
    <ul>
      <li>4 1/2 Tbsp Worcestershire sauce</li>
      <li>2 Tbsp sugar (plus more to taste)</li>
      <li>5 Tbsp ketchup</li>
      <li>2 Tbsp oyster sauce</li>
    </ul>
    <h1>Directions</h1>
    <ol>
      <li>Heat a large pan over medium heat. When the pan is hot, add 1 Tbsp neutral oil. Then, add the onions.</li>
      <li>Saute the onions until tender and almost translucent. Transfer to a large bowl and let it cool.</li>
      <li>Once the onions are cool, mix in ground beef and pork blend, salt, pepper, and nutmeg.</li>
      <li>Mix in the panko, milk, and egg, then knead the mixture until it is sticky.</li>
      <li>Roll the mixture into balls and then flatten into an oval. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes.</li>
      <li>Add 1 Tbsp neutral oil to a large pan and place the patties. Create indentations in the middle of each patty.</li>
      <li>Cook each side until browned. Set patties aside.</li>
      <li>Meanwhile, in a small bowl, combine Worcestershire, ketchup, sugar, and oyster sauce to make tonkatsu sauce.</li>
      <li>Pour tonkatsu sauce over patties when serving. Serve with steamed rice.</li>
    </ol>
  </body>
</html>
