<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Haupia (Hawaiian Coconut Pudding)</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="title">Haupia (Hawaiian Coconut Pudding)</h1>
    <h1>Ingredients</h1>
    <ul>
      <li>1/2 cup water</li>
      <li>5 tablespoons cornstarch</li>
      <li>13 ounces unsweetened coconut milk (full-fat ONLY)</li>
      <li>1/4 cup sugar</li>
    </ul>
    <h1>Directions</h1>
    <ol>
      <li>Combine cornstarch and water in a small bowl. Stir until cornstarch is dissolved then set aside.</li>

      <li>In a medium-sized saucepan over medium heat, combine coconut milk and sugar. Whisk constantly until mixture begins to simmer.</li>

      <li>While continuing to whisk, SLOWLY pour in the water/cornstarch mixture until it thickens. Reduce heat to low and continue to whisk until you</li>
      <li>have a thick, pudding-like consistency. This is important, it needs to be thickened while it is heating or it won't set up.</li>

      <li>Pour into a greased 8"x8" baking dish or square containers. I actually like to use my smaller glass Tupperware containers becasue the sides are more straight, making for more consistent squares.</li>

      <li>Allow to cool to room temperature, about 10-15 minutes, then cover and refrigerate for 2+ hours.</li>

      <li>When ready to serve, cut into 2" squares and serve cold. If serving as a custard or pudding, pour into individual serving ramekins or bowls and chill.</li>
    </ol>
  </body>
</html>
