<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
     <title>Honey Chicken</title>
     <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
   </head>
  <body>
      <h1 class="title">Honey Chicken</h1>
    <h1>Ingredients</h1>
    <h2>Chicken</h2>
     <ul>
       <li>1 1/2 pounds boneless skinless chicken breasts cut into 1 inch pieces</li>
       <li>2 eggs</li>
       <li>salt and pepper to taste</li>
       <li>1/2 cup all purpose flour</li>
       <li>1/2 cup cornstarch</li>
       <li>oil for frying canola or vegetable oil</li>
       <li>1/4 cup green onions thinly sliced</li>
     </ul>
     <h2>Sauce</h2>
     <ul>
       <li>1/2 cup honey</li>
       <li>2 tablespoons soy sauce</li>
       <li>2 tablespoons water divided use</li>
       <li>1/2 teaspoon toasted sesame oil</li>
       <li>1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar</li>
       <li>1 tablespoon corn starch</li>
     </ul>
     <h1>Directions</h1>
     <h2>Chicken</h2>
     <ol>
       <li>Place the eggs, salt and pepper in a bowl. Stir to combine.</li>

<li>Place the flour and 1/2 cup corn starch in a shallow bowl or on a plate. Stir to combine.</li>

<li>Dip each piece of chicken into the egg mixture, then into the flour. Repeat the process with all of the chicken.</li>

<li>Heat 3 inches of oil in a deep pot to 350 degrees F.</li>

<li>Add 7-8 pieces of chicken to the pan. Cook for 5 minutes or until crispy and golden brown. Repeat the process with the remaining chicken.</li>

<li>Drain the chicken on paper towels.</li>
     </ol>
     <h2>Sauce</h2>
     <ol>
       <li>While the chicken is cooking, make the sauce. Place the honey, soy sauce, 1 tablespoon of water, sesame oil and apple cider vinegar in a small pan. Bring to a simmer.</li>


       <li>Mix the corn starch with the remaining tablespoon of water. Pour the corn starch mixture into the honey mixture.</li>

       <li>Bring the sauce to a boil. Cook, stirring constantly, for 1-2 minutes or until sauce has thickened.</li>

       <li>Toss the honey sauce with the chicken. Sprinkle with green onions, then serve.</li>
     </ol>
   </body>
</html>
