<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
     <title>Hot Honey Chicken Sandwich</title>
     <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="Styles/page_style.css" />
   </head>
  <body>
    <center>
      <h1 class="title">Hot Honey Chicken Sandwich</h1>
    </center>
    <h1>Ingredients</h1>
    <h2>Hot Honey Sauce</h2>
     <ul>
       <li>1/4 cup honey</li>
       <li>2 tablespoons salted butter</li>
       <li>1 tablespoons hot sauce</li>
     </ul>
     <h2>Chicken</h2>
     <ul>
       <li>4 boneless, skinless thick chicken thighs (3 to 4 ounces each)</li>
       <li>1 cup all-purpose flour</li>
       <li>2 tablespoons cornstarch</li>
       <li>2 tablespoons chili powder</li>
       <li>2 teaspoons onion powder</li>
       <li>1 tablespoon kosher salt</li>
       <li>1 teaspoon pepper</li>
       <li>1 cup buttermilk</li>
       <li>3 garlic cloves, minced</li>

       <br/>
       <br/>

       <li>Vegetable oil, for frying</li>
       <li>4 potato burger buns</li>
       <li>14-16 dill pickle chips</li>
     </ul>
     <h1>Directions</h1>
     <ol>
       <li><b>Start by making the sauce.</b> In a small saucepan over low heat, combine the honey, butter and hot sauce. Do not stop stirring until all the butter melts and the honey becomes thin. Set aside.</li>
       <li><b>Prep the chicken.</b> In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour, cornstarch, 1 tablespoon chili powder, onion powder, salt and pepper. In another dish, add the buttermilk, remaining chili powder, and minced garlic. Stir each mixture with a fork until well combined. Marinate the chicken in the buttermilk mixture for 30 minutes. Toss the chicken in the flour, and add on a clean plate. Repeat with the rest.</li>
       <li><b>Heat up the oil.</b> Heat a 2-inch depth of vegetable oil in a heavy large pot between medium and medium high heat. Use a thermometer! Oil must register to 375 F. Add the chicken into the oil and fry, turning once, for about 8 minutes, or until the chicken registers 170 F internal temperature. Transfer to a plate lined with paper towel and repeat with the rest of the chicken. When the chicken cools off a bit, dip into the spicy honey mixture!</li>
       <li><b>Assemble the chicken sandwiches.</b> Add each fried chicken tossed in the honey mixture onto a bun. If you want, you can add mayonnaise as well as the pickles. Top with the bun and enjoy!</li>
     </ol>
   </body>
</html>
