<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Instant Pot Burgers</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="title">Instant Pot Burgers</h1>
    <h1>Ingredients</h1>
    <ul>
      <li>1 teaspoon salt</li>
      <li>1 teaspoon pepper</li>
      <li>1 teaspoon smoked paprika</li>
      <li>1/4 cup finely diced sweet onion</li>
      <li>2 garlic cloves, minced</li>
      <li>1 pound 80/20 ground beef</li>
      <li>1 tablespoon olive oil</li>
      <li>4 hamburger buns, toasted</li>
      <li>Toppings: avocado, lettuce, tomato, pickles, mustard, ketchup</li>
    </ul>
    <h1>Directions</h1>
    <ol>
      <li>In a large bowl, combine the salt, pepper, paprika, and garlic. Add the meat and gently work the seasoning mixture into the meat. Divide the mixture into 4 equal patties. Place 1 tablespoon minced onion in the center of each patty and fold the onions inside with your thumbs.</li>

      <li>Select Saute and preheat the cooking pot. When hot, add the oil and the patties and cook for about 2-3 minutes per side to brown. Transfer to a plate when browned.</li>

      <li>Add 1 cup water to the cooking pot, and scrape up any browned bits that may have accumulated on the bottom. Place a trivet in the cooking pot and place the patties on the trivet, leaving space for steam.</li>

      <li>Lock the lid in place. Select High Pressure and 6 minutes cook time. When the cook time ends, turn off the pressure cooker. Use a quick pressure release.</li>

      <li>When the valve drops, carefully remove the lid.</li>

      <li>Serve the burgers on toasted buns topped with avocado and your favorite burger toppings.</li>
    </ol>
  </body>
</html>
