<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Kimchi Spam Fried Rice</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="title">Kimchi Spam Fried Rice</h1>
    <h1>Ingredients</h1>
    <ul>
      <li>2 Tablespoons avocado oil</li>
      <li>2 cups ripe kimchi (drained and chopped into bite-sized pieces)</li>
      <li>3 Tablespoons kimchi juice</li>
      <li>8 oz spam, cubed</li>
      <li>3 cups cooked rice (it's best to use leftover cold rice)</li>
      <li>1 teaspoon Korean red pepper flakes</li>
      <li>1 Tablespoon gochujang (Korean red pepper paste)</li>
      <li>1 Tablespoon sesame oil</li>
      <li>2 stalks scallions, chopped; for garnish</li>
      <li>1 teaspoon toasted sesame seeds, for garnish</li>
      <li>1/2 to 1 teaspoon sugar (optional)</li>
      <li>4 large eggs, cooked sunny-side up (optional)</li>
    </ul>
    <h1>Directions</h1>
    <ol>
      <li>Heat a pan over medium high heat and add about a tablespoon of the oil and the cubed spam. Fry the spam until it's browned and crispy on one side and them flip it over and brown the other side. This should take about 4 to 5 minutes. Remove it from the pan and set it aside.</li>

      <li>Add the remaining oil to the pan and add the kimchi, gochujang, and Korean red pepper flakes. Stir fry it together for about 3 to 4 minutes.</li>

      <li>Add the day old rice to the pan and break up any large clumps of rice by pressing down with the flat side of your spatula or spoon. Keep stirring together to make sure each grain of rice is coated with the kimchi and oil.</li>

      <li>Add the spam back into the pan along with the kimchi juice and sesame oil. Stir fry everything together. Give it a taste at this point to see if the flavors are balanced. If your kimchi is very ripe, it may be too sour and may need a bit of sugar to balance out the flavors. Add sugar if needed and taste again. Otherwise, leave out the sugar. Remove from the heat and portion out the servings.</li>

      <li>(Optional) Top with a sunny side up egg and garnish with chopped scallions and sesame seeds. Serve immediately.</li>
    </ol>
  </body>
</html>
