<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
     <title>Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies</title>
     <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
   </head>
  <body>
      <h1 class="title">Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Cookies</h1>
     <h1>Ingredients</h1>
     <ul>
       <li>1 cup all-purpose flour</li>
       <li>1/2 tsp baking soda</li>
       <li>1/2 tsp salt</li>
       <li>1/2 cup unsalted butter room temperature</li>
       <li>1/3 cup granulated sugar</li>
       <li>2/3 cup light-brown sugar, packed</li>
       <li>2 tsp pure vanilla extract</li>
       <li>1 large egg</li>
       <li>1 1/2 cups rolled oats</li>
       <li>1 cup semisweet chocolate chips</li>
     </ul>
     <h1>Directions</h1>
     <ol>
       <li>In a medium bowl, whisk together the flour and baking soda; set aside.</li>
       <li>Combine the butter with both sugars; beat on medium speed until light and fluffy.</li>
       <li>Reduce speed to low; add the salt, vanilla, and eggs. Beat until well mixed, about 1 minute.</li>
       <li>Add flour mixture; mix until almost combined.</li>
       <li>Stir in the oats and chocolate chips. Chill dough for one hour to overnight.</li>
       <li>Preheat oven to 375 degrees.</li>
       <li>Use a small ice cream scooper (two tablespoons) to Drop heaping tablespoon-size balls of dough about 2 inches apart on baking sheets lined with parchment paper.</li>
       <li>Bake until cookies are golden around the edges, but still soft in the center, 8 to 10 minutes.</li>
       <li>Remove from oven, and let cool on baking sheet 1 to 2 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack, and let cool completely.</li>
     </ol>
   </body>
</html>
