<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Peach Cobbler</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="title">Peach Cobbler</h1>
    <h1>Ingredients</h1>
    <ul>
      <li>2 (16-ounce) cans of peaches, drained</li>

      <li>1/4 cup white sugar</li>

      <li>1/4 cup brown sugar</li>

      <li>1/4 teaspoon ground cinnamon</li>

      <li>1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg</li>

      <li>1 teaspoon fresh lemon juice</li>

      <li>2 teaspoons cornstarch</li>

      <li>1 cup all-purpose flour</li>

      <li>1/4 cup white sugar</li>

      <li>1/4 cup brown sugar</li>

      <li>1 teaspoon baking powder</li>

      <li>1/2 teaspoon salt</li>

      <li>6 tablespoons unsalted butter, chilled and cut into small pieces</li>

      <li>1/4 cup boiling water</li>

      <li>3 tablespoons white sugar</li>

      <li>1 teaspoon ground cinnamon</li>
    </ul>
    <h1>Directions</h1>
    <ol>
      <li>Gather all ingredients.</li>
      <li>Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).</li>
      <li>Combine peaches, 1/4 cup white sugar, 1/4 cup brown sugar, 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon, nutmeg, lemon juice, and cornstarch in a large bowl; toss to coat evenly, and pour into a 2-quart baking dish. Bake in preheated oven for 10 minutes.</li>
      <li>Meanwhile, combine flour, 1/4 cup white sugar, 1/4 cup brown sugar, baking powder, and salt in a large bowl. Blend in butter with your fingertips or a pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse meal. Stir in water until just combined.</li>
      <li>Remove peaches from oven, and drop spoonfuls of topping over them.</li>
      <li>Mix 3 tablespoons white sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon together in a small bowl; sprinkle over entire cobbler.</li>
      <li>Bake in the preheated oven until topping is golden, about 30 minutes.</li>
    </ol>
  </body>
</html>
