<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Philly Cheesesteaks</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="title">Philly Cheesesteaks</h1>
    <h1>Ingredients</h1>
    <ul>
      <li>1 beef top sirloin steak (3 pounds), thinly sliced</li>
      <li>2 large onions, cut into 1/2-inch strips</li>
      <li>1 can (10-1/2 ounces) condensed French onion soup, undiluted</li>
      <li>2 garlic cloves, minced</li>
      <li>1 package Italian salad dressing mix</li>
      <li>2 teaspoons beef base</li>
      <li>1/2 teaspoon pepper</li>
      <li>2 large red or green peppers, cut into 1/2-inch strips</li>
      <li>1/2 cup pickled pepper rings</li>
      <li>8 hoagie buns or French rolls, split</li>
      <li>8 slices provolone cheese</li>
    </ul>
    <h1>Directions</h1>
    <ol>
      <li>Combine the first 7 ingredients in a 6-qt. electric pressure cooker. Lock lid; close pressure-release valve. Adjust to pressure-cook on high for 10 minutes. Quick-release pressure.</li>

      <li>Add peppers and pepper rings. Lock lid; close pressure-release valve. Adjust to pressure-cook on high for an additional 5 minutes. Let pressure release naturally for 10 minutes; quick-release any remaining pressure.</li>

      <li>Place bun bottoms on ungreased baking sheets, cut sides up. Using tongs, place beef, vegetables and cheese on bun bottoms. Broil 3-4 in. from heat until cheese is melted, 1-2 minutes. Add bun tops; serve with cooking juices.</li>

      <li>Place bun bottoms on ungreased baking sheets, cut sides up. Using tongs, place beef, vegetables and cheese on bun bottoms. Broil 3-4 in. from heat until cheese is melted, 1-2 minutes. Add bun tops; serve with cooking juices.</li>
    </ol>
  </body>
</html>
