<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Pot Roast</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="title">Pot Roast</h1>
    <h1>Ingredients</h1>
    <ul>
      <li>1 - 3 pounds (1176g) chuck roast or blade roast , 2 inches thick</li>
      <li>1 tablespoon (15ml) olive oil</li>
      <li>1 - 2 tablespoons (14g - 28g) unsalted butter or olive oil (optional)</li>
      <li>2 (280g) small onions, sliced</li>
      <li>6 (20g) garlic cloves, minced</li>
      <li>1/4 teaspoon (0.25g) dried rosemary</li>
      <li>1/4 teaspoon (0.35g) thyme</li>
      <li>2 bay leaves</li>
      <li>2 tablespoons (30ml) red wine (Cabernet Sauvignon) or balsamic vinegar</li>
      <li>1 cup (250ml) unsalted chicken stock or high-quality unsalted beef stock</li>
      <li>1 tablespoon (15ml) regular soy sauce</li>
      <li>1 tablespoon (15ml) fish sauce (can substitute with regular soy sauce) (optional)</li>
      <li>2 - 4 (750g) potatoes, quartered</li>
      <li>3 (280g) medium carrots , cut into 1 1/2 inch (4cm) chunks</li>
      <li>Kosher salt and ground black pepper to taste</li>
    </ul>
    <h2>Thickener</h2>
    <ul>
      <li>2 tablespoons (18g) cornstarch mixed with 3 tablespoons (45ml) cold water</li>
    </ul>
    <h1>Directions</h1>
    <ol>
      <li><b>Brown Chuck Roast</b>: Heat up Instant Pot using "Saute More" function. Wait until Instant Pot says "HOT" (~8 mins). Pat dry chuck roast with paper towel. Then, generously season one side of chuck roast with kosher salt and ground black pepper. Add 1 tbsp (15ml) olive oil in Instant Pot. Make sure to coat the oil well over the whole bottom of the pot. Place seasoned side of chuck roast in Instant Pot, then season the other side of chuck roast with more kosher salt and ground black pepper. Let chuck roast brown for 8 minutes per side to develop some deep flavors. Don't need to constantly flip the chuck roast. When the chuck roast is nice and browned, remove it and set aside.</li>

      <li><b>Saute Onions and Garlic</b>: Add in sliced onions, then saute for 3 minutes until softened. Add in minced garlic, 1/4 tsp (0.25g) dried rosemary, 1/4 tsp (0.35g) thyme, and 2 bay leaves, then saute for another minute.</li>

      <li><b>Deglaze Instant Pot</b>: Pour in 2 tbsp (30ml) red wine (Cabernet Sauvignon) or balsamic vinegar, then deglaze by scrubbing all the flavorful brown bits off the bottom of the pot with a wooden spoon.</li>

      <li><b>Pressure Cook Pot Roast</b>: Add 1 cup (250ml) unsalted chicken stock, 1 tbsp (15ml) regular soy sauce, and 1 tbsp (15ml) fish sauce in Instant Pot. Place browned chuck roast in Instant Pot. Don't forget to add in all the meat juice! Make sure the chuck roast is at least partially submerged in the cooking liquid. With Venting Knob in Venting Position, close the lid, then turn Venting Knob to Sealing Position. Pressure Cook at High Pressure for 45 minutes, then Full Natural Release for 25 minutes. Open the lid carefully.</li>

      <li><b>Pressure Cook Vegetables</b>: Set aside chuck roast. Let it rest as you pressure cook the vegetables. Submerge quartered potatoes into the sauce, then stack chopped carrots on top of the potatoes. With Venting Knob in Venting Position, close the lid, then turn Venting Knob to Sealing Position. Pressure cook at High Pressure for 4 minutes, then Quick Release. Open the lid carefully.</li>

      <li><b>Make Gravy and Serve</b>: Taste the sauce, then adjust the seasoning if necessary. Mix 2 tbsp (18g) cornstarch with 3 tbsp (45ml) cold water, then mix it into the sauce one third at a time until desired thickness.</li>
    </ol>
  </body>
</html>
