<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
     <title>Potatoes Au Gratin</title>
     <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
   </head>
  <body>
      <h1 class="title">Potatoes Au Gratin</h1>
     <h1>Ingredients</h1>
     <ul>
       <li>3-4 Russet pototes or 7-8 Yukon Gold potatoes</li>
       <li>1/2 medium onion, sliced</li>
       <li>Salt and pepper to taste</li>
       <li>3 tablespoons butter</li>
       <li>3 tablespoons all-purpose flour</li>
       <li>1/2 teaspoon salt</li>
       <li>2 cups milk</li>
       <li>1-2 cups shredded cheese, such as sharp cheddar, Gruyere, or Colby-Jack</li>
     </ul>
     <h1>Directions</h1>
     <ol>
       <li>Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Butter a 1-quart casserole dish.</li>
       <li>Layer 1/2 of the potatoes in the bottom of the prepared casserole dish; season with salt and pepper. Layer onion slices over top, then top with with remaining potatoes. Season again with salt and pepper.</li>
       <li>Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Gradually whisk in flour and salt and cook, whisking constantly until raw flour flavor has cooked off, about 1 minute. Gradually add milk, about 1/4 cup at a time, whisking well after each addition to incorporate; the gradual addition and whisking of milk will help avoid lumps in your sauce.</li>
       <li>Cook, whisking constantly, until the mixture has thickened, 3 to 5 minutes. Stir in cheese all at once; continue stirring until melted, 30 to 60 seconds. Pour cheese sauce over the potatoes.</li>
       <li>Bake in the preheated oven until potatoes are tender and sauce is bubbly, about 60-90 minutes.</li>
     </ol>
   </body>
</html>
