<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Pumpkin Cheesecake</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="title">Pumpkin Cheesecake</h1>
    <h1>Ingredients</h1>
    <h2>Cheesecake Layer</h2>
    <ul>
      <li>2 (8 ounce) packages cream cheese, softened</li>

      <li>1/2 cup white sugar</li>

      <li>1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract</li>

      <li>2 large eggs</li>

      <li>1 (9 inch) prepared graham cracker crust</li>
    </ul>
    <h2>Pumpkin Layer</h2>
    <ul>
      <li>1/2 cup pumpkin puree</li>

      <li>1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon</li>

      <li>1 pinch ground cloves, or more to taste</li>

      <li>1 pinch ground nutmeg, or more to taste</li>
    </ul>
    <h1>Directions</h1>
    <ol>
      <li>Preheat the oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).</li>
      <li>Make cheesecake layer: Beat cream cheese, sugar, and vanilla in a large bowl with an electric mixer until smooth. Add eggs, one at a time, blending well after each addition.</li>
      <li>Spread 1 cup batter in the graham cracker crust.</li>
      <li>Make pumpkin layer: Add pumpkin puree, cinnamon, cloves, and nutmeg to the remaining batter; stir gently until well blended.</li>
      <li>Carefully spread on top of plain cheesecake batter in the crust.</li>
      <li>Bake in the preheated oven until the edges are puffed and the surface is firm except for a small spot in the center that jiggles when the pan is gently shaken, 35 to 40 minutes.</li>
      <li>Remove from the oven, set on a wire rack, and cool to room temperature, 1 to 2 hours.</li>
      <li>Refrigerate for at least 3 hours before serving, preferably overnight.</li>
    </ol>
  </body>
</html>
