<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
     <title>Shrimp Boil Skillet</title>
     <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
   </head>
  <body>
      <h1 class="title">Shrimp Boil Skillet</h1>
     <h1>Ingredients</h1>
     <ul>
       <li>4 quarts hot water</li>
       <li>1 large red onion or yellow onion, sliced into 4 - 6 wedges</li>
       <li>1 garlic bulb (whole head), halved horizontally</li>
       <li>1/2 cup Old Bay seasoning</li>
       <li>1 1/2 Tbsp fresh thyme leaves (or 1 1/2 tsp dried)</li>
       <li>1 1/2 lbs medium red potatoes, cut into fourths</li>
       <li>Salt and pepper to taste</li>
       <li>4 ears corn, husked, cut onto fourths or broken into halves</li>
       <li>14 oz. andouille sausage, sliced into 1-inch thick pieces</li>
       <li>1 1/2 lbs shrimp, deveined, peeled if preferred</li>
       <li>6 Tbsp unsalted butter, melted</li>
       <li>2 Tbsp fresh lemon juice, or more to taste</li>
       <li>2 Tbsp minced fresh parsley</li>
     </ul>
     <h1>Directions</h1>
     <ol>
       <li>Fill a large pot (about 12 quart) with 4 quarts water. Stir in onion, garlic, Old Bay seasoning, and thyme. Bring mixture to a boil over medium-high heat.</li>

       <li>Add potatoes and season with salt (I use 1 Tbsp). Let cook until potatoes are about nearing tender, about 10 - 15 minutes.</li>

       <li>Add corn and continue to cook 3 minutes. Add sausage and cook 4 minutes longer.</li>

       <li>Gently stir in shrimp and cook until just opaque and pink, about 1 - 2 minutes.</li>

       <li>Drain mixture (you can reserve 1/4 cup of the broth if you'd like for serving). Spread over an extra large serving platter or a baking sheet.</li>

       <li>Drizzle with butter and lemon juice. Sprinkle with parsley, Old Bay seasoning and pepper to taste, and serve warm.</li>
     </ol>
   </body>
</html>
