<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
     <title>Shrimp and Grits</title>
     <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
   </head>
  <body>
      <h1 class="title">Shrimp and Grits</h1>
     <h1>Ingredients</h1>
     <ul>
       <li>1/2-3/4 pound deveined and shelled shrimp</li>
       <li>2 tablespoons Olive oil</li>
       <li>2 teaspoons Old Bay seasoning</li>
       <li>1 teaspoon Italian seasoning</li>
       <li>1/4 teaspoon garlic powder</li>
       <li>1/4 teaspoon smoked paprika</li>
       <li>2 cups chicken broth</li>
       <li>1/2 cup yellow corn grits</li>
       <li>2 ounces cream cheese</li>
       <li>1 cup shredded sharp cheddar cheese</li>
       <li>2 green onion stalks, chopped</li>
       <li>2 slices bacon</li>
       <li>salt and pepper to taste</li>
     </ul>
     <h1>Directions</h1>
     <ol>
       <li>In a large skillet cook two slices of bacon over medium heat until crisp, remove bacon from skillet, roughly chop. Wipe skillet clean and set aside to use later for the shrimp.</li>

       <li>In a medium to large sauce pan bring chicken broth to a boil, add grits and reduce heat to low. Cover and let grits simmer for 7 minutes, stirring occasionally.</li>

       <li>When grits have absorbed the liquid add cream cheese, shredded cheese and salt and pepper to taste.</li>

       <li>Stir mixture well, cover and remove from heat.</li>

       <li>Place shrimp in a large plastic bag or mixing bowl, add Old Bay, Italian seasoning, garlic powder and smoked paprika and toss until shrimp is coated.</li>

       <li>Heat olive oil in a large pan over medium high heat. Add shrimp and cook 3 minutes on each side or until shrimp is pink and tender.</li>

       <li>To assemble the shrimp and grits add a heaping serving of grits to two shallow bowls. Top with shrimp, chopped green onions, chopped bacon and additional pepper.</li>
     </ol>
   </body>
</html>
