<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Skillet Pork Chops</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="title">Skillet Pork Chops</h1>
    <h1>Ingredients</h1>
    <ul>
      <li>4 pork chops, about 1-inch thick and 6 to 7 ounces each, see notes</li>
      <li>Salt, to taste</li>
      <li>1 tablespoon all-purpose flour</li>
      <li>1 teaspoon chili powder</li>
      <li>1 teaspoon garlic powder</li>
      <li>1 teaspoon onion powder</li>
      <li>1/2 teaspoon smoked paprika</li>
      <li>1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper</li>
      <li>1 tablespoon neutral oil, such as avocado oil or vegetable oil</li>
      <li>1 cup low-sodium chicken stock</li>
      <li>1 tablespoon apple cider vinegar</li>
      <li>2 teaspoons honey or brown sugar</li>
      <li>1 tablespoon butter</li>
      <li>2 tablespoons chopped fresh parsley, optional</li>
    </ul>
    <h1>Directions</h1>
    <h2>Pork Chops</h2>
    <ol>
      <li>Take the pork chops out of the refrigerator and season on both sides with salt. Set the chops aside to rest for 30 minutes.</li>

      <li>Meanwhile, make the spice rub. In a small bowl, mix the flour, chili powder, garlic powder, onion powder, smoked paprika, and 1/2 teaspoon of black pepper.</li>

      <li>After 30 minutes, use a paper towel to pat the pork chops dry, then rub both sides of the chops with the spice rub.</li>

      <li>Heat the oil in a skillet (with a lid) over medium-high heat. When the oil is hot and looks shimmery, add the pork. Cook until golden, 2 to 3 minutes.</li>

      <li>Flip the pork so that the seared side is facing up. If there is a fattier side of the pork, use kitchen tongs to hold the chops, fat-side-down until it sizzles and browns slightly; about 30 seconds.</li>

      <li>Reduce the heat to low, then cover the skillet with a lid. Cook 6 to 12 minutes or until an instant-read thermometer reads 145 degrees F when inserted into the thickest part of the chop. Cook time depends on the thickness of the chops, so check for doneness at 5 minutes, then go from there, checking every 2 minutes after that. If you do not have a thermometer, you will know they are done, if, when cutting into the chops, the juices run clear.</li>

      <li>Transfer pork chops to a plate. Let the pork rest for 5 minutes.</li>
    </ol>
    <h2>Sauce</h2>
    <ol>
      <li>While the pork rests, make the pan sauce. Increase the heat to medium-high, then add the chicken stock, vinegar, and honey. Use a wooden spoon to scrape the bottom of the pan so that any stuck bits of pork come up.</li>

      <li>Bring the sauce to a simmer and cook until reduced by half. Taste, then adjust the seasoning with additional salt, vinegar, or honey.</li>

      <li>Slide the skillet off of the heat and when the sauce is no longer simmering, swirl in the butter.</li>

      <li>Slide the pork chops back into the pan and spoon some of the sauce on top. Alternatively, slice the chops, then place them back into the pan. Scatter fresh parsley over the pork, and then serve.</li>
    </ol>
  </body>
</html>
