<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
     <title>Sloppy Joes</title>
     <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
   </head>
  <body>
      <h1 class="title">Sloppy Joes</h1>
    <h1>Ingredients</h1>
    <h2>Sloppy Joes</h2>
     <ul>
       <li>1 Tbsp extra-virgin olive oil, 1 turn of the pan</li>
       <li>1 lb ground beef sirloin</li>
       <li>1/4 c brown sugar</li>
       <li>1 Tbsp steak seasoning blend, such as mccormick brand montreal seasoning</li>
       <li>1 md onion</li>
       <li>1 sm red bell pepper, chopped</li>
       <li>1 Tbsp red wine vinegar</li>
       <li>1 Tbsp worcestershire sauce</li>
       <li>2 c tomato sauce</li>
       <li>2 Tbsp tomato paste</li>
       <li>4 crusty rolls, split, toasted, and lightly buttered</li>
     </ul>
     <h2>Potato Salad</h2>
     <ul>
       <li>5 potatoes, peeled and diced</li>
       <li>coarse salt</li>
       <li>3 Tbsp prepared yellow mustard</li>
       <li>1/2 c mayonnaise, eyeball the amount</li>
       <li>1 tsp sweet paprika</li>
       <li>1 tsp hot cayenne pepper sauce (recommended: Tabasco or Frank's Red Hot)</li>
       <li>2 scallions, thinly sliced, for garnish</li>
       <li>salt and pepper to taste</li>
     </ul>
     <h1>Directions</h1>
     <h2>Sloppy Joes</h2>
     <ol>
       <li>Heat a large skillet over medium high heat. Add oil and meat to the pan.</li>
       <li>Spread the meat around the pan and begin to break it up.</li>
       <li>Combine brown sugar and steak seasoning. Add sugar and spice mixture to the skillet and combine.</li>
       <li>When the meat has browned, add onion and red peppers to the skillet. Reduce heat to medium and cook onions, peppers, red wine vinegar and Worcestershire sauce with meat for 5 minutes.</li>
       <li>Add tomato sauce and paste to pan. Stir to combine. Reduce heat to simmer and cook sloppy joe mixture 5 minutes longer.</li>
       <li>Using a large spoon or ice cream scoop, pile sloppy meat onto toasted, buttered bun bottoms and cover with bun tops. Serve with your favorite sides or sliced tomatoes seasoned with salt and pepper, dill pickles and potato salad.</li>
     </ol>
     <h2>Potato Salad</h2>
     <ol>
       <li>Boil potatoes in water seasoned with coarse salt until they are tender, about 10 minutes. Drain cooked potatoes and return to the warm pot to dry them out. Let the potatoes stand 2 minutes, then spread potatoes out on to a cookie sheet to quick-cool them.</li>
       <li>In the bottom of a medium mixing bowl, grate 1/4 onion using a hand grater. Add mustard and mayonnaise, paprika and cayenne pepper sauce to the grated onion and stir to combine.</li>
       <li>Add potatoes to the bowl and stir to evenly distribute dressing. Season potato salad with salt and pepper and taste to adjust your seasonings. Top servings of salad with chopped scallions.</li>
     </ol>
   </body>
</html>
