<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Smoked Sausage and Pineapple</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="title">Smoked Sausage and Pineapple</h1>
    <h1>Ingredients</h1>
    <ul>
      <li>2 lbs smoked sausage</li>
      <li>20 oz can pineapple chunks</li>
      <li>3 tablespoon teriyaki sauce</li>
      <li>2 tablespoon chili sauce</li>
      <li>1 tablespoon honey</li>
      <li>1 tbsp pineapple juice, from the can</li>
      <li>Toothpicks, for serving</li>
    </ul>
    <h1>Directions</h1>
    <ol>
      <li>Pre-heat oven to 425 degrees F.</li>

      <li>Remove sausage from packaging and slice it into 1-inch pieces. Place sausage in a 9x13 baking pan. Drain pineapple juice, but reserve about a tablespoon to use for the sauce. Add pineapple to the pan with the sliced sausage.</li>

      <li>In a small bowl or a glass measuring cup, mix together the teriyaki sauce, chili sauce, honey, and pineapple juice. Pour sauce over sausage and pineapple. Gently stir to coat the sausage and pineapple in the sauce.</li>

      <li>Bake uncovered for 10 minutes. Gently stir the sausage and pineapple. Bake for an additional 10 minutes, and remove from the oven.</li>

      <li>The appetizer can be served in the pan with toothpicks. These can be assembled prior to serving as well. Assemble by placing a pineapple chunk on the toothpick followed by a piece of sausage, and transfer to a serving platter. Serve warm.</li>
    </ol>
  </body>
</html>
