<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
     <title>Stovetop Macaroni and Cheese</title>
     <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
   </head>
  <body>
      <h1 class="title">Stovetop Macaroni and Cheese</h1>
     <h1>Ingredients</h1>
     <ul>
       <li>1 pound uncooked pasta</li>
       <li>3 cups water</li>
       <li>2 cups milk</li>
       <li>1 teaspoon Dijon mustard</li>
       <li>1 teaspoon fine sea salt</li>
       <li>1 teaspoon garlic powder</li>
       <li>2 to 4 cups (8 to 16 ounces) freshly-grated sharp cheddar cheese</li>
       <li>1 cup (1 ounce) finely-grated Parmesan cheese</li>
       <li>freshly-ground black pepper, to taste</li>
     </ul>
     <h1>Directions</h1>
     <ol>
       <li><b>Cook the pasta.</b> Combine the pasta, water, milk, Dijon, sea salt and garlic powder in a large stockpot. Heat over medium-high heat, stirring the pasta once every few minutes, until the water reaches a boil. Adjust heat as needed to maintain a rolling boil. Continue cooking the pasta, stirring once or twice per minute, until the pasta is <b>just</b> barely al dente. (Cooking time will depend on the shape of pasta that you use, so please keep a close eye on it.) Remove pot from heat.</li>

       <li><b>Remove excess water (if needed).</b> Check to see how much starchy pasta water remains in the pot. If it seems that there is more than 1/2 cup or so, dip a heatproof measuring cup in to remove and save the excess water, then set it to the side. (If by chance there is no starchy pasta water left, please add 1/2 cup hot water to the pot.)</li>

       <li><b>Add cheese.</b> Add the cheese to the pasta and gently stir until completely melted. If the pasta seems too dry, stir some of the reserved starchy pasta water back in as needed.</li>

       <li><b>Season.</b> Taste and season with additional salt if needed.</li>

       <li><b>Serve.</b> Serve warm, garnished with a few twists of black pepper and enjoy!</li>
     </ol>
   </body>
</html>
