<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
     <title>Swedish Meatballs</title>
     <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
   </head>
  <body>
      <h1 class="title">Swedish Meatballs</h1>
      <h1>Ingredients</h1>
      <h2>Meatballs</h2>
      <ul>
	<li>1/4 cup plain breadcrumbs</li>
	<li>1/4 tsp ground nutmeg</li>
	<li>1/4 tsp allspice</li>
	<li>1/4 tsp garlic powder</li>
	<li>1/2 tsp salt</li>
	<li>1 lb. ground beef and pork blend</li>
	<li>1/2 yellow onion, grated</li>
	<li>1 large egg, lightly whisked</li>
	<li>1 Tbsp vegetable oil</li>
      </ul>
      <h2>Cream Sauce</h2>
      <ul>
	<li>3 Tbsp butter</li>
	<li>4 Tbsp all-purpose flour</li>
	<li>2 cups beef broth</li>
	<li>1 tsp Worcestershire sauce</li>
	<li>1/4 tsp black pepper</li>
	<li>1/8 tsp ground nutmeg</li>
	<li>1/3 cup heavy cream</li>
	<li>1 Tbsp fresh parsley</li>
      </ul>
      <h1>Directions</h1>
      <ol>
	<li>Gather and prepare all ingredients.</li>
	<li>To make the meatballs, in a medium bowl, combine the breadcrumbs, tsp nutmeg, allspice, garlic powder, and salt.</li>
	<li>Meanwhile, add the beef and pork blend and grated onions to a large bowl. Lightly whisk the egg, then add it to the bowl with the meat. Lastly, add the breadcrumb mixture.</li>
	<li>Use your hands to mix the meat and seasonings until evenly combined, but avoid overmixing.</li>
	<li>Evenly divide and shape the meat mixture into 16 meatballs, about 1.5 Tbsp each, packing tightly.</li>
	<li>Add the vegetable oil to a large skillet and heat over medium. Once hot, carefully add the meatballs. Cook for three minutes on each side, or until well browned. The meatballs do not need to be cooked through at this point. Remove the browned meatballs from the skillet and set aside.</li>
	<li>Add the butter and the flour to the skillet. Whisk the butter and flour together as the butter melts. Cook the butter and flour mixture for about two minutes.</li>
	<li>Slowly whisk in the beef broth, making sure to release all of the browned bits off the bottom of the skillet. Allow the broth to come up to a simmer, at which point it will thicken, 3-5 minutes.</li>
	<li>Stir in the Worcestershire sauce, pepper, nutmeg, and heavy cream. Taste the cream sauce and adjust the salt or seasonings to your liking.</li>
	<li>Return the meatballs to the skillet and stir to coat in the sauce. Heat the meatballs over low, stirring occasionally, until heated through, about 5 minutes.</li>
	<li>Garnish with fresh parsley and enjoy.</li>
     </ol>
   </body>
</html>
