<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Sweet and Sour Pork</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="title">Sweet and Sour Pork</h1>
    <h1>Ingredients</h1>
    <ul>
      <li>2 tablespoons plus 1-1/2 teaspoons paprika</li>
      <li>1-1/2 pounds boneless pork loin roast, cut into 1-inch strips</li>
      <li>1 tablespoon canola oil</li>
      <li>1 can (20 ounces) unsweetened pineapple chunks</li>
      <li>1 medium onion, chopped</li>
      <li>1 medium green pepper, chopped</li>
      <li>1/4 cup cider vinegar</li>
      <li>3 tablespoons packed brown sugar</li>
      <li>3 tablespoons reduced-sodium soy sauce</li>
      <li>1 tablespoon Worcestershire sauce</li>
      <li>1/2 teaspoon salt</li>
      <li>2 tablespoons cornstarch</li>
      <li>1/4 cup cold water</li>
      <li>Thinly sliced / chopped green onions, optional</li>
      <li>Hot cooked rice (optional)</li>
    </ul>
    <h1>Directions</h1>
    <ol>
      <li>Place paprika in a large shallow dish. Add pork, a few pieces at a time, and turn to coat. Select saute setting on a 6-qt. electric pressure cooker and adjust for medium heat; add oil. Brown pork in batches. Return all pork to pressure cooker.</li>
      <li>Drain pineapple, reserving juice; refrigerate the pineapple. Add the pineapple juice, onion, green pepper, vinegar, brown sugar, soy sauce, Worcestershire sauce and salt to pressure cooker. Lock lid; close pressure-release valve. Adjust to pressure-cook on high for 10 minutes. Quick-release pressure.</li>
      <li>Select saute setting and adjust for high heat; bring liquid to a boil. In a small bowl, mix cornstarch and water until smooth; gradually stir into pork mixture. Add pineapple. Cook and stir until sauce is thickened, 1-2 minutes. If desired, sprinkle with green onions and serve over rice.</li>
    </ol>
  </body>
</html>
