<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Teriyaki Chicken</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="title">Teriyaki Chicken</h1>
    <h1>Ingredients</h1>
    <ul>
      <li>1 1/2 pounds boneless, skinless chicken breasts about 3 medium breasts</li>
      <li>2/3 cup low-sodium soy sauce (or tamari, for gluten free)</li>
      <li>1/3 cup water</li>
      <li>3 tablespoons rice vinegar</li>
      <li>3 tablespoons honey</li>
      <li>3 tablespoons brown sugar</li>
      <li>2 cloves garlic, minced</li>
      <li>2 tablespoons fresh ginger, minced</li>
      <li>3 tablespoons cornstarch, stirred together with 1/4 cup water to create a slurry</li>
    </ul>
    <h1>Directions</h1>
    <ol>
      <li>Lightly coat the bottom of a 6-quart Instant Pot with nonstick spray. Arrange the chicken breasts in the bottom.</li>

      <li>In a medium-size bowl, whisk together the soy sauce, water, rice vinegar, honey, brown sugar, garlic, and ginger. Pour over the chicken.</li>

      <li>Close and seal the Instant Pot. Cook on HIGH (manual) pressure for 10 minutes. Let the pressure release naturally for 5 minutes, then immediately vent to release the remaining pressure. Carefully open the lid. Turn the Instant Pot OFF. Transfer the chicken to a plate and let it cool for a few minutes.</li>

      <li>Once you can safely handle it, shred the chicken with two forks or cut it into bite-size pieces.</li>

      <li>Turn the Instant Pot to SAUTE. Once the liquid begins to simmer, slowly whisk in the cornstarch slurry. Continue whisking to ensure the sauce is smooth and does not have any lumps. Continue to cook and whisk until the sauce thickens, about 1 to 2 minutes.</li>

      <li>Turn the Instant Pot OFF. Add the chicken back to the pot and toss to coat in the sauce. Serve hot with prepared rice and a sprinkle of green onions and sesame seeds.</li>
    </ol>
  </body>
</html>
