<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Tomato and Egg Stir Fry</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../Styles/styles.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1 class="title">Tomato and Egg Stir Fry</h1>
    <h1>Ingredients</h1>
    <ul>
      <li>4 medium ripe tomatoes</li>
      <li>4 eggs</li>
      <li>2 tablespoon neutral cooking oil, divided</li>
      <li>3 cloves garlic, sliced</li>
      <li>1/2 teaspoon salt</li>
      <li>1 pinch sugar</li>
      <li>1/2 stalk scallions, finely chopped</li>
    </ul>
    <h1>Directions</h1>
    <ol>
      <li>Remove the stems of the tomatoes, then cut them into bite-sized pieces. Optionally, remove their skin beforehand.</li>

      <li>Crack the eggs into a bowl and add 2 tablespoons of water. Beat until the whites and yolks are well integrated.</li>

      <li>Heat 1 1/2 tablespoons of oil in a skillet/frying pan over high heat until very hot.</li>

      <li>Pour in the beaten egg. Allow the bottom part to set first. Then move with a spatula so that the running part flows to the hot surface to cook. Break the scrambled egg into bite-sized pieces then transfer out to a plate.</li>

      <li>Add the remaining 1/2 tablespoon of oil to the same skillet/pan/wok. Fry sliced garlic over medium heat until fragrant (do not burn).</li>

      <li>Put in the chopped tomato. Stir-fry for 20 seconds or so. Add 1/4 cup of water. Leave to cook until the tomato becomes a little mushy.</li>

      <li>Add the scrambled egg. Sprinkle salt, sugar and scallions over. Give everything a quick stir to combine. Dish out and serve immediately with steamed rice, or as a topping for noodles.</li>
    </ol>
  </body>
</html>
